Update docs for Scheduler service going stable (#4452)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/jobs/jobs-overview.md

### Actor reminders

> Actors have actor reminders, but present some limitations involving scalability using the Placement service implementation. You can make reminders more scalable by using `SchedulerReminders` in the configuration for your actor application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actors have reminders and the Scheduler service is used by default for actor reminders (which are also used by workflows) to make them more scalable. In earlier releases the Placement service was used for actor reminders and this is no longer recommend.
```

> The `SchedulerReminders` preview feature flag defaults to `true`. To disable Scheduler actor reminders, you can manually set it to `false`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SchedulerReminders` preview feature defaults to `true`. To disable actor scheduler reminders, you can set it to `false`.
```
